Update Ubuntu install instructions for kilted (#5427)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/_Apt-Repositories.rst

> The package `ros-apt-source <https://github.com/ros-infrastructure/ros-apt-source/>`_ provides keys and source configuration for the ROS repositories.

Reviewer: Again, let's leave the explanatory guidance intact and add to it rather than replace it.

The package `ros-apt-source <https://github.com/ros-infrastructure/ros-apt-source/>`_ provides keys and source configuration for the ROS repositories.

> First ensure that the `Ubuntu Universe repository <https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Repositories/Ubuntu>`_ is enabled.

Reviewer: This requirement still stands so this line should be preserved.

> You will need install this package con configure ROS repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing the ros2-apt-source package will configure ROS 2 repositories for your system.
Updates to repository configuration will occur automatically when new versions of this package are released to the ROS repositories.
```

Let's add a note explaining what's happening and also mention that updates to repository configuration are now smoother.

> You will need install this package con configure ROS repositories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will need to install this package to configure ROS apt repositories.
```

.. code-block:: console

>    $ curl -O --output-dir /tmp/ https://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/ros/packages.ros.org/ros2-testing/ubuntu/pool/main/r/ros-apt-source/ros2-apt-source_1.0.0~$(. /etc/os-release && echo $VERSION_CODENAME)_all.deb

Reviewer 2: We switched to the testing repo for the Kilted pre-release validation (e.g., tutorial party). Would the corresponding package be `ros2-testing-apt-source_*` instead here?

Reviewer 2: I see that https://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/ros/packages.ros.org/ros2-testing/ubuntu/pool/main/r/ros-apt-source/ (which includes "testing" in the URL) contains both testing and non-testing packages, but https://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/ros/packages.ros.org/ros2/ubuntu/pool/main/r/ros-apt-source/ (no "testing" in the URL) also exists and contains the same packages.

Reviewer 2: oh, nevermind, Steven! is already reviewing this

Author: Yes, you're right

>    $ curl -O --output-dir /tmp/ https://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/ros/packages.ros.org/ros2-testing/ubuntu/pool/main/r/ros-apt-source/ros2-apt-source_1.0.0~$(. /etc/os-release && echo $VERSION_CODENAME)_all.deb
>    $ sudo apt install /tmp/ros2-apt-source_1.0.0~$(. /etc/os-release && echo $VERSION_CODENAME)_all.deb

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $ curl -o /tmp/ros2-testing-apt-source.deb https://ftp.osuosl.org/pub/ros/packages.ros.org/ros2-testing/ubuntu/pool/main/r/ros-apt-source/ros2-testing-apt-source_1.0.0~$(. /etc/os-release && echo $VERSION_CODENAME)_all.deb
   $ sudo apt install /tmp/ros2-testing-apt-source.deb
```

Since we plan to simplify the url with symlinks to the actual repo files (and mask the version number to reduce update toil) let's download using a generic name.

Also, use the testing repo package instead of the ros2-apt-source main package for the tutorial party.

   $ sudo apt install software-properties-common
   $ sudo add-apt-repository universe

> The package `ros-apt-source <https://github.com/ros-infrastructure/ros-apt-source/>`_ provides keys and source configuration for the ROS repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ros-apt-source <https://github.com/ros-infrastructure/ros-apt-source/>`_ packages provide keys and apt source configuration for the various ROS repositories.
```

Installing the ros2-apt-source package will configure ROS 2 repositories for your system.

> Updates to repository configuration will occur automatically when new versions of this package are released to the ROS repositories.

Reviewer 2: Very nitpicky, feel free to ignore: we use both "ros-apt-source" and "ros2-apt-source" here. Would one of them be more correct?

Reviewer: We haven't sent documentation updates describing the different packages that exist.

* ros2-apt-source configures the main ROS 2 repository
* ros2-testing-apt-source configures the ROS 2 testing repository
* ros-apt-source (on Ubuntu Focal only) configures the ROS main repository
* ros-testing-apt-source (on Ubuntu Focal only) configures the ROS testing repository

Reviewer 2: I think the source of my nitpicking is that we refer to the whole set of packages as "the ros-apt-source package" because that's the repo name (https://github.com/ros-infrastructure/ros-apt-source/).

I apparently can't do a suggestion here, but what about:

```diff
-The package `ros-apt-source <https://github.com/ros-infrastructure/ros-apt-source/>`_ provides keys and source configuration for the ROS repositories.
+The `ros-apt-source <https://github.com/ros-infrastructure/ros-apt-source/>`_ packages provide keys and source configuration for the ROS repositories.
```

Reviewer 2: Anyway, we can proceed with this if it looks good to you @nuclearsandwich

Reviewer: @christophebedard ah thanks for clarifying! I agree and made a similar suggestion inline above.
